the world is coming undone Imperial
flags rain across the galaxy
can you be trusted without your shackles
let's just get this over with shall we
we've a mission for you
a major weapons test is imminent we need
to know how to destroy
if you're really doing this I want to
help
good
I've been recruiting through the
rebellion for a long time we destroyed
our home outside the Empire now
I fear nothing all is as the force
wealthy
the captain says you are a friend I will
not kill you
Thanks there isn't much time every day
they grow stronger
there was a ninety-seven point six
percent chance of failure
in me as well
this is our chance to make a real
difference
are you with me
all the way
you